feat(devx): Add Wallet Dashboard docs (#6462)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started.mdx

them.

   ![Migration Button](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/migration-button.png)

When you click on it, it prompt you to use the [IOTA Wallet
Dashboard](../iota-wallet-dashboard/getting-started.mdx) to migrate them.

   ![Migration Pop In](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/migration-pop-in.png)

## Vesting & Staked Vesting

If your account has vested tokens, you will see a button indicating that you can access Vested Staking

   ![Migration Button](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/vested-staking-button.png)

When you click on it, it prompt you to use the [IOTA Wallet
Dashboard](../iota-wallet-dashboard/getting-started.mdx) to manage your vested tokens.

   ![Migration Pop In](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/vested-staking-pop-in.png)

## What's Changed?

### Account Management

In Firefly, accounts were structured using a multi-account index, 
which allowed generating multiple addresses under a single account without exposing the underlying BIP32 derivation
paths. In practice, this means that Firefly would display a single wallet account that actually represented `n` addresses.

> The IOTA Wallet now each address individually.

Reviewer: there seems to be a work missing here, maybe 
```suggestion
The IOTA Wallet now displays each address individually.
```

This change provides transparency for users managing accounts across different wallets or tools.

When restoring accounts by importing a mnemonic phrase or seed,
the IOTA Wallet will display the main account by default.
To access derived accounts use the [Balance Finder](#use-the-balance-finder) tool to scan for assets associated with historical paths.
This ensures compatibility with Firefly’s legacy multi-account framework. 

:::note Legacy Chrysalis Accounts

If you are trying to restore an Legacy Chrysalis-era account from a mnemonic in a third-party wallet, you may notice a
discrepancy in the amount of IOTA in your wallet. You should use the [Balance Finder](#use-the-balance-finder) in the
IOTA Web Wallet and move all your funds in `Legacy` addresses to a new address to be able to access them in any wallet.

:::

### Stronghold Has Been Deprecated

:::danger 

Restoring a wallet account using a seed is not an industry standard, it may not work on wallets that are not maintained

> by the IOTA Foundation. Once you restore your account using the seed, make sure to [export your mnemonic](./how-to/multi-account.mdx#export-a-mnemonic-for-an-account).

Reviewer: From a seed you cant export the mnemonic, if a user only has a seed and not a mnemonic they will probably not be able to use these funds in any other wallet as other wallets dont usually support seeds. The user should probably transfer all the assets to a new wallet of which the user knows the mnemonic

> Restoring a wallet account using a seed is not an industry standard, it may not work on wallets that are not maintained
> by the IOTA Foundation. Once you restore your account using the seed, make sure to [export your mnemonic](./how-to/multi-account.mdx#export-a-mnemonic-for-an-account).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Restoring a wallet account using a seed is not an industry standard, it may not work on wallets that are not maintained by the IOTA Foundation. Once you restore your account using the seed, you should transfer your funds to an account with a known mnemonic
```

:::

The new IOTA Wallet does not support Stronghold. If you have your mnemonic, private key or seed, you can use them to
[import your account](#importing-an-existing-wallet). 

Alternatively, if you only have your seed or `.stronghold` file backup and know the password, you should follow the

> [Restore Account guide](./how-to/restore-account.mdx).

Reviewer: this linked page doesnt seem to have any sidebar btw `/about-iota/iota-wallet/how-to/restore-account`

Reviewer 2: Fix in the last commit

By following these steps, you can manage, stake,
and transfer your digital assets on the IOTA network from any of your devices, ensuring a seamless experience.

## Use the Balance Finder

[The way accounts and wallets are managed in the IOTA Wallet is different than in Firefly and similar Stardust Wallets](#whats-changed).
You can use the IOTA balance finder to import all your Firefly wallets and unify them into a single profile. 

### How to Access the Balance Finder

If you are importing a profile, you will be prompted to use the Balance Finder as part of the import process.

   ![Balance Finder in Prompt](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/access-balance-finder-prompt.png)

You can also access the balance finder by clicking on the meatball menu (`...`) beside the desired account dropdown in the
`Manage Accounts` section.

   ![Balance Finder in Accounts View](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/access-balance-finder.png)

> ### Find and Unify Balances

Reviewer: I would call it only Find Balances, you cant unify them unless you send the funds from one address to another which is a manual process

> Once you have [accessed the Balance Finder](#how-to-acccess-the-balance-finder), hit the `Search` button and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have [accessed the Balance Finder](#how-to-access-the-balance-finder), hit the `Search` button and the
```

> Balance Finder will retrieve any sub-accounts related to your main account.

Reviewer: I would mention that the user should hit "search again" if they have missing balances

Reviewer: Additionally, I would add to this section an explanation on what the different labels mean like "vesting" and "migration"

   ![Balance Finder Search](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/balance-finder-hit-search.png)

### Migrate Your Stardust Assets

> If you have NFTs, native tokens, or time-locked tokens, you will see a button indicating that you need to migrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have NFTs or native tokens that need migration, you will see a button indicating that you need to migrate
```

## Vesting & Staked Vesting

If your account has vested tokens, you will see a button indicating that you can access Vested Staking

   ![Migration Button](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/vested-staking-button.png)

When you click on it, it prompt you to use the [IOTA Wallet
Dashboard](../iota-wallet-dashboard/getting-started.mdx) to manage your vested tokens.

   ![Migration POp In](/img/about-iota/iota-wallet/getting-started/vested-staking-pop-in.png)

## What's Changed?

### Account Management

The IOTA Wallet introduces adjustments to account visibility and derivation path management compared to Firefly.
In Firefly, accounts were structured using a multi-account index, 
which allowed generating multiple addresses under a single account without exposing the underlying BIP32 derivation
paths.
The IOTA Wallet now displays the BIP32 derivation path for each address,
enabling direct inspection of hierarchical key generation.
This change provides transparency for users managing accounts across different wallets or tools.
Legacy Chrysalis-era users should note that BIP path visibility is exclusive to the IOTA Wallet,

> ensuring backward compatibility with older account structures.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this part 😅

Reviewer: I would make it simpler, the user needs to know that is an account has the label "legacy" in the wallet that means it comes from the Chrysalis era and other wallets, quite likely, wont find these accounts

Reviewer: Also, I would try to explain the user a bit simpler that before Firefly aggregated multiple addresses under the concept of a "wallet/account" but now in the new wallet every address is an account, so if a user in Firefly had eg 10 addresses involved in Wallet 1, now the new wallet will display 10 accounts

When restoring accounts by importing a mnemonic phrase or seed,
the IOTA Wallet will display the main account by default.
To access derived accounts tied to alternate BIP paths,
use the [Balance Finder](#use-the-balance-finder) tool to scan for assets associated with historical paths.
This ensures compatibility with Firefly’s legacy multi-account framework. 
For Chrysalis users,
the Balance Finder serves as a critical utility to recover funds from accounts not automatically mapped in the new
wallet.

### Stronghold Has Been Deprecated

> The IOTA Web Wallet does not support Stronghold. If you have your mnemonic, private key or seed, you can use them to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new IOTA Wallet does not support Stronghold. If you have your mnemonic, private key or seed, you can use them to
```

Reviewer: I would also not include the "seed" in this section but rather make a separate sub-section here that is for users that lost their mnemonics but keep their stronghold and the password to unlock it, and then explain the process there

Reviewer: About the process of how to restore from seed, @lucas-tortora and I will have a chat about it to finalize this section
